DOCSP-15177 definition of builders (#90)
mongodb/docs-java: source/fundamentals/builders.txt

   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

This section includes guides on how to use each of the available
builders, and demonstrates the utility the Java driver builder classes
provide. 

Overview
--------

The Java driver provides classes to simplify the process for developers
to use CRUD operations and the Aggregation API. The static utility methods allow you
to build a query more efficiently. 

Why Use Builders?
-----------------

Using the builders class, you leverage the power of:

- The Java compiler and the IDE to find errors during development
- The IDE for discovery and code completion

> The Java compiler and the IDE catches errors such as misspelled

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Java compiler and the IDE catch errors such as misspelled
```

> operators early on. When using the MongoDB shell or plain Java, you
> write operators as strings. You get no visual indication of a problem
> and only find it when you run the code. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
operators early on. When using the MongoDB shell or plain Java you
write operators as strings and get no visual indication of a problem,
pushing these errors to runtime instead of compile time. 
```

> But with the builder class, you write operators as methods. The IDE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the builder classes, you write operators as methods. The IDE
```

   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

This section includes guides on how to use each of the available
builders, and demonstrates the utility the Java driver builder classes
provide. 

Overview
--------

The Java driver provides classes to simplify the process for developers
to use CRUD operations and the Aggregation API without having to refer

> to MongoDB reference documentation. The static utility methods allow you

Reviewer: nitpick: is this true? I'm not sure we should state that builders are to help the user avoid looking at documentation

Author: I was trying to convey you wouldn't have to look at it as often, but I agree, it isn't something we should state.

to build a query more efficiently. 

Why Use Builders?
-----------------

Using the builders class, you leverage the power of:

> - The IDE to do discovery and code completion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The IDE for discovery and code completion
```

- The Java compiler and the IDE to find errors during development

While coding, you can look at a Java API that is already loaded into

> their IDE. The IDE shows the available methods with their parameters and

Reviewer: suggestion: developing instead of coding
nitpick: who is their?

automatically completes with placeholders when you select which method
you want to use. 

Furthermore, the IDE and compiler catches errors early on. A common
error is misspelling method names. When using the MongoDB shell or plain
Java, these method names are strings, so you get no visual indication of
a problem and only find it if you run the code. But with the builder
class, the method names are methods, so the IDE underlines and gives you

> a red bar on the right telling you something is wrong. 

Reviewer: This entire paragraph feels like it isn't fully polished.

Scenario
--------

Imagine we want to send a marketing email to all users in our ``users``
collection with the following criteria:

- Users that identify as "female" gender 
- Users that are older than "29"

We only want their email address, so we'll ensure our query doesn't
return data we pay bandwidth costs for but don't need.

Using the MongoDB Shell
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following query shows how to perform our criteria using JSON and the MongoDB shell:

.. code-block:: js

   collection.find({ "gender": "female", "age" : { "$gt": 29 }}, { "_id": 0, "email": 1 })

Without Using Builders
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following query shoes how to perform our criteria in Java without

> using builders:

Reviewer: nitpick: "perform our criteria" doesn't really make sense. I suggest removing this sentence as the heading makes it apparent what the code does.

.. code-block:: java

   Bson filter = new Document().append("gender", "female").append("age", new Document().append("$gt", 29));
   Bson projection = new Document().append("_id", 0).append("email", 1);
   collection.find(filter).projection(projection);

Using Builders
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The following query shoes how to perform our criteria in Java using

> builders:

Reviewer: nitpick: I think this can be removed since it doesn't add anything the title doesn't.
